According to the survey
This is indeed what Su Ying should do
But it has nothing to do with Gu Ruichen
How is that possible?
Gu Ruichen also wants to cooperate with our Su family
More afraid of offending the Su family
So he didn't participate in the making of friends this time.
And Su Yinyin seemed to rely on his second uncle's love for him
Dissatisfied with our Su family
I'm afraid he hasn't realized it yet
The consequences of this matter
That being the case
Then let him know
Dare to bully our Lana
No matter who
Dad will never forgive him good dad
Bitch what are you doing
Brother Sleep
What's up?
Did you expose the secrets of the Su family?
I exposed
So what?
Do you know
In case the Su family thinks my handwriting is in it
The work of the Su family is over
Brother Sleep
My father is the second master of the Su family
Even the head of the Su family did not dare to say anything
I don't understand what you are worried about
We're getting married soon.
Then you will be the son-in-law of the Su family
I will not marry you